# Why are you applying for financial aid?
I am a student from Indonesia and would love to learn Back-End Development. In my humble opinion it will be beneficial for my work. But I have no job of my own to carry the expenses to pay for the certificate of this course. I live only for my scholarship, it is very much difficult for me to gather such amount of money for the certificate. Financial Aid will help me to take this course without any adverse impact on my monthly essential needs. So, I am really need this financial aid. I would like to take this course as I want to learn. This course will boost my job prospects after graduation from my institute. It will help me to perform better in understanding and learning this field and give me an edge over my competitors. A verified certificate will attach credibility to the certificate I receive from this course. I plan to complete all assignments on or in time. I also plan to grade assignments that are too peer-reviewed which I believe will an invaluable learning opportunity.
My main career goal is to learn everyday. I really want to learn and to progress in my career. Back-End Development requires constant learning and improving. Enrolling this course will help me to learn and study this Back-End Development and also to implement it. It can help advance in my knowledge. This course will help me in defining Back-End Development, understanding how Back-End Development could potentially impact our industry. Identifying which aspects of Back-End Development seem most important and relevant to us. Walking away with a strong foundation in where Back-End Development is going, what it does, and how to prepare for it. Introduction to back-end development course will help me to achieve it to learn.
I may don't have enough money to invest in my education, but I can invest my time now.

# How will your selected course help with your goals?
I am applying for this aid because my main career goal is to become a successful and experienced Back-end Developer. I want to learn and progress in my career. I want to gain depth knowledge of the domain so that I can work without having any difficulty in future. This field requires constant learning. Taking this course will help me to learn and study Back-End Development. This course will allow me to build a great baseline of the domain. It can help me advance in my knowledge. This course will help me in defining Back-End Development, understanding how Back-end development could potentially impact our industry. Identifying which aspects of back-end development seem most important and relevant to us. Walking away with a strong introduction in where back-end development is going, what it does, and how to prepare for it. Introduction to back-end development course will help me to achieve it to learn. Walking away with a strong foundation in where Back-End Development is going, what it does, and how to prepare for it. “Introduction to Back-End Development” course will help me achieve this learning.
